# Embedded-Weather-Prediction-and-Travel-Advice-System-based-on-CNN-LSTM-and-Arduino
The final project of AI &amp; FinTech Summer Workshop, School of Computing, National University of Singapore.
Data link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IrbRWprabJa9fXMzwyTReSbcZHl_irxF?usp=sharing
I participated in AI & Fintech Summer Workshop at National University of Singapore and focused on Embedded System and Deep Learning. I led a group and developed Embedded Weather Prediction and Travel Advice System, which achieved real-time weather prediction. The model concatenated output of CNN (process sky image data) and DNN (process climate numeric data), and input into LSTM to predict weather for next six hours. Backend on HUAWEI Cloud Server stored weather data (obtained from Arduino), automatically up-dated the model, and predicted weather. The application of our system is Extreme Weather and Major Disaster Emergency Warning. Take the case of Zhengzhou Metro Line 5 "7·20 Incident" as an example. In a short time, a lot of rainfall caused subway to be flooded. The Meteorological Bureau had an advanced warning, but they did not know when it would rain exactly, so no one paid attention. If we could have predicted this 0.5 hours earlier, we could have closed the subway operation in advance, and there would not have been so many people trapped and died. We are concerned about short-term extreme weather changes, not a common weather forecast. Due to our great contribution to society and very high prediction accuracy (99.35%), we won the Excellent Prize (highest level).
